[MUSIC]
>> Jafar Husain: So, we see that we can
use this exact same technique to join
together relational data sources.
So, I'm going to take this,
which is precisely the same example here.
Notice that we have a, so
in this case we want to build
a tree from these two
rotationally connected lists.
So we have a list of videos, a list
of lists and they're connected by ID.
We want to actually use
the operators we use such so
far to actually build this structure,
this hierarchical structure.
So I want to show you that we can go from
relational to hierarchical as well as
hierarchical to relational.
So, everybody see this structure?
You should be pretty familiar with it,
right,
by now because it's kind of
what we've been using thus far.
So we've got videos
nested inside of lists.
But look at what we're starting with.
We're starting with lists in
a separate array, then videos, and
the only thing to link them up is
inside of videos, we have a list.id.
So now we're just sort of taking
our skills out for a walk and
seeing if we can go between all these
kind of very different data structures.
So I'm going to try this example
right now, we're gonna go from list,
I'm gonna map over a list.
And for every list we
are going to map over videos.
Now notice that videos and lists are at
the same level here right there.
I don't need to go through the list
in order to get access to the videos.
But I'm nesting two maps to go through all
the potential possibilities of combination
of list and video that's what
happens when you nest the maps.
It's interesting that I can also,
ultimately, go the other way.
I could go videos and
then map through and look at the list.
Because I have access to both of
these arrays at the same time.
Now I just told you that if you have
access to both arrays of the same time,
zip is often a good option here, right?
But in this case, I'm not going through
two arrays where information is connected
just by its position in the array.
I'm actually just trying to get all the
possibilities between two different lists.
And this will actually turn out
to be interesting and useful for
async programming as well.
So if I go through each list and then for
each list I go through each video.
I can go ahead and, well first off filter,
so I'm gonna the filter the video such
that the list.id in the video
is equal to the list.id, right.
So I'm taking a look at
this collection right here.
Notice that the video has a list.id and
it matches up with the ID
property on the list.
And so by doing this, we're gonna go
through every possibility of list and
video and link them together
only when the IDs match up.
So now all I have to do is map that into
>> Jafar Husain: The structure
that we want, which is the video ID.
>> Jafar Husain: Or is it name?
>> Jafar Husain: I think it actually
wants the whole thing here, okay.
>> Jafar Husain: Sorry,
let me take a moment to just read this.
So, we actually want to
build the whole trees, so
we're not just grabbing a few things here.
So, I'm going map this into
the list object that I want,
the hierarchical list object I want.
>> Jafar Husain: So
it's gonna contain the list information,
in this case the name of the list.
>> Jafar Husain: And
the videos inside of that list.
So I'm going to swap this
around just a little bit.
And we're just going to
take this down here.
>> Jafar Husain: And plug it in here.
>> Jafar Husain: So I think we'll
do the combinations later on,
but so once I format this correctly,
you'll see that we've built
a tree from some lists.
>> Jafar Husain: That's gonna work.
>> Speaker 2: Wouldn't you need,
if you're doing lists.map,
isn't that going to be list?
>> Jafar Husain: Yes you could be great,
you just caught it.
I've got it and it's looking for
a it seems to have a list.id
in the input their videos.
Now it's complaining that videos
has this list.id property.
Whereas, in here, we don't have,
we actually just have the ID and title.
So I forgot to map out just
the properties that we want.
At this point, there's no need to
have the list.id link anymore,
because I've nested
each video in its list.
So, I'm gonna go through these videos,
and instead of just filtering them,
I'm actually gonna map them, and
just pull out the properties that I want.
>> Jafar Husain: I think it's just ID and
name, yeah.
So when you're filling out the exercises,
wherever possible, try and
keep the same property order here because
it compares based on property order.
Of course in practice,
in JavaScript, that doesn't matter.
Let's see if that works.
Got one of those annoying missing
after argument list errors.
And that looks reasonable to me, so
I'm just gonna hit the answer here.
But as you can see the same solution,
albeit a little more verbose.
So we're going through each list,
we're creating the list object.
We have the name and
then we're embedding just the videos.
Now in order to get the videos for
just that list,
we'll filter it looking up just where the
list.id matches up with the list.id that
we're currently going through.
So we compare there on line 41
the videos list.id with the lists
that were inside of ID.
And then finally we just map and select
just those video properties we want.
Which in this case everything but the
list.id and now we've taken two lists and
turned them into a tree